= dropbox-sync

dropbox-sync is a simple command line tool to setup syncing files and directories outside of your Dropbox folders using symlinks.
This is especially useful for applications for which you want to synchronize data between different machines, but the application 
expects it files to be on a certain location. This tool will create a symlink in your <tt>~/Dropbox/Sync</tt> folder to any path
you specify. Dropbox will follow this link and synchronize the contents of the original location. This tool can then setup these
links easily on other machines as well to complete your synchronization setup.

== Installation

    gem install dropbox-sync

== Warnings

This tool is tested on Mac OSX 10.6. It should work on other OSX versions and Linux too, but this is untested. Before using the 
tool, always wait until Dropbox finishes syncing everything, and then close the Dropbox application. This will make sure Dropbox 
does not interfere with this tools operations and the other way around.

Final note: not every application is suitable for this synchronization using Dropbox.

== Usage example

Say, you want to synchronize your Address Book contacts on Mac OS X. First, use this tool to synchronize the Address Book 
folder: <tt>~/Library/Application Support/AddressBook</tt>. Run the following command:

    dropbox-sync sync "~/Library/Application Support/AddressBook"

This will create a symlink <tt>~/Dropbox/Sync/AddressBook</tt>. Dropbox will start uploading the contents of the folder to 
your Dropbox account.

On the other machine, wait until Dropbox finishes synchronizing and then quit the application. Instead of a symlink, Dropbox
will have created a folder called <tt>~/Dropbox/Sync/AddressBook</tt> with all the contents in it. The folder needs to be 
moved to the original location in <tt>~/Library</tt> so Address Book picks it up. Moreover, we also want to create a 
symlink on this machine, so any changes on this machine will be synced to Dropbox as well. Run the following command:

    dropbox-sync setup

This will move the folder fro  the <tt>~/Dropbox/Sync</tt> folder to the original location and create a symlink instead.
Note that usually, there will already a local AddressBook folder around in <tt>~/Library/Application Support</tt>. This
folder will be moved to <tt>~/Library/Application Support/AddressBook.local_backup</tt> so you won't lose it. You can 
always move this folder back into it's original location to get your local Address Book back.

The setup command can be run every time there is a change to your Dropbox configuration. It will only setup links that
have not yet been set up before on the machine.

== Other commands and options

=== <tt>dropbox-sync list</tt>

This will display a list of all the files and directories that are currently being synced.

=== <tt>dropbox-sync unsync <path></tt>

This will "forget" the sync link between your local path and the Dropbox path. The files will be kept both locally
and on Dropbox.

=== <tt>dropbox-sync destroy <path></tt>

This will destroy the sync link between your local path and the Dropbox path. Your local files will be kept around,
but they will be removed from Dropbox.

=== <tt>--dropbox-dir <path></tt>

If you are not using the default <tt>~/Dropbox</tt> folder on your system, you should provide the <tt>--dropbox-dir 
<dropbox-path></tt>  option to every command.

== License

MIT.
